Add `Array.isArray` improvement (#23)
total-typescript/ts-reset: readme.md

};
```

### Make `Array.isArray` correctly narrow with `ReadonlyArray<Item>`

```ts
import "@total-typescript/ts-reset/array-includes";
```

> This rule improves on TypeScript's default `Array.isArray` behaviour. Without this rule enabled, TypeScript will not include `ReadonlyArray<Item>` when narrowing Array types.

Reviewer: I'd undo the double-negative to make this easier to understand.
```suggestion
This rule improves on TypeScript's default `Array.isArray` behaviour. With this rule enabled, TypeScript will now include `ReadonlyArray<Item>` when narrowing Array types.
```

> This rule improves on TypeScript's default `Array.isArray` behaviour. Without this rule enabled, TypeScript will not include `ReadonlyArray<Item>` when narrowing Array types.

Reviewer: Also I _weakly_ suggest using American standard spelling, though I suspect Mr. Pocock will prefer yours. ;)
```suggestion
This rule improves on TypeScript's default `Array.isArray` behavior. With this rule enabled, TypeScript will now include `ReadonlyArray<Item>` when narrowing Array types.
```

Author: 🤓 Commonwealth power!
